# Introduction
Welcome to the comprehensive documentation of Moonlink.js, your gateway to exploring the intricate paths of digital melody. Here, we will delve into the features, functionalities, and best practices for integrating this Lavalink client package, offering an immersive and personalized auditory experience. Get ready to step into the documented universe of Moonlink.js, where precision meets harmony.

## What is Moonlink.js?

Moonlink.js is a Lavalink client designed to seamlessly integrate with a Discord client library or wrapper, effectively functioning as a Discord client. This npm package is characterized by its simplicity and ease of use, allowing developers to easily access and control the advanced features of Lavalink.

## What is Lavalink?

Lavalink is an audio playback server designed for Discord applications. It supports audio streaming from various sources, including popular platforms like YouTube and SoundCloud. Lavalink provides a robust infrastructure for efficient audio handling, ensuring a smooth and high-quality audio experience for end users.

## How to configure Lavalink?

For detailed information on configuring Lavalink and other important considerations, please refer to the official documentation available at [Lavalink](https://lavalink.dev/). There, you will find step-by-step guidance, practical examples, and information on the configuration requirements necessary to successfully integrate Lavalink into your development environment.

## How to download the Moonlink.js package?

To install Moonlink.js in your project, you can use a package manager like npm, yarn, or pnpm. Simply execute the appropriate command in your terminal:

```bash
npm install moonlink.js
```

or

```bash
yarn add moonlink.js
```

or

```bash
pnpm install moonlink.js
```

After successful installation, you'll be ready to start using all the powerful features offered by Moonlink.js in your Discord project.

::alert{type="danger"}
Currently, Moonlink.js does not support Bun. After implementing RFC 6455 code using native packages to reduce its size, an important function, net.createConnection(), is not called by Bun. Make sure to consider this when planning your integration.
::
